Ah!
Miss
Are you sick?
You are sick
I'm fine at home, you tie me up
you
Home
Mr. Song, don't you know
The Song family has announced the news to the outside world
They got their biological child back
You are the wild monkey brought back from outside
So what?
I don't care anyway
You you you
I shouldn't have bothered you
I should
What big tail are you pretending to be?
You're just a scum
So many heads to talk about now
Isn't it for the green tea lady?
What scum?
What to dig a wall
I say it's all fake
How many you take are also fake, you are a
What's going on?
Zhao Qianqian
You've faked enough
You shut up
You are the scum man in a skit
I'm sorry, what do you want?
I said you are fake
You are a fake show